Scikit-learn makes it incredibly easy to do hierarchical clustering.
We just have to import the cluster library.
And then Agglomerative Clustering,
as we've mentioned, is the implementation.
We hand it how many number of clusters we want to produce,
and then the type of linkage we're looking for.
Ward is the default. So we don't have to have to mention ward if you want to do it.
And then, we just tell it to fit predict,
and the return would be the labels.
And so, if our dataset has 10 points,
fit_predict would return an array of 10 elements,
each element is the label of the cluster that that data point belongs to.
If we want to draw these hierarchical tree shapes called dendrograms,
we cannot do that with scikit-learn,
we have to use scipy for that.
And so here, we just load up the datasets,
we just say 10 points, and then here,
we are doing the clustering,
so we used ward in scipy,
and it would return a linkage matrix.
We pass that linkage matrix to the dendrogram method, and then,
that plots the tree for us.
Isn't that incredible?